tune2fs: add page (#4297)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/tune2fs.md

# tune2fs

> > Adjust paramters of an ext2, ext3 or ext4 filesystem.

Reviewer: Nice! Sorry about the late reply. What about this then?
```suggestion
> Adjust parameters of an ext2, ext3 or ext4 filesystem.
> May be used on mounted filesystems.
```

> > Adjust paramters of an ext2, ext3 or ext4 file system.

Reviewer: Can this be done while the filesystem is mounted, or does it have to be unmounted first?

Author: They all can be done live I believe. I checked all the ones in the tldr.
